Almost everything you interact with or rely on daily has an information component.
Usually that information is on a computer.
Factor in, that that computer is likely on
the Internet and suddenly, cybersecurity is necessary.
For instance, utility systems are computer operated.
While thankfully, most are not Internet connected,
they remain a target for malicious actors.
The financial industry is under constant attack.
Hackers and nation-state actors are committed to
breaching banking systems and stealing money and information.
One of the least publicize,
but most important areas of security is protecting intellectual property.
For medical research, industrial secrets,
to weapons of war, this information is highly sought after.
Imagine someone hacking your grandfather's pacemaker.
Unfortunately, it is a real threat.
Cybersecurity can help protect medical devices from being compromised.
Many people are concerned with their personal information being stolen,
this is a very real threat.
Millions fall victim to some form of identity theft every year.
Common results are establishing new credit or using existing credit fraudulently.
In every spring, hackers file income tax refunds using stolen Social Security numbers.
These are just a few reasons why
cybersecurity and the skills learned in this course are important.